<!-- .slide: data-state="title" -->

# Vue.js
## Full Stack Applications 

---

# Requirements

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org)
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
- [Vue.js DevTools](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/vuejs-devtools/nhdogjmejiglipccpnnnanhbledajbpd?hl=en)
- [Vetur (VSCode)](https://vuejs.github.io/vetur/)
- [Vue CLI](https://cli.vuejs.org/)

> > Author Notes: 
Web development today always takes a bit of setup. Let's talk about what you're going to have to get this project working.

- Node.js is the engine that runs our automation.
- Git is a great way to manage your project, so we'll need to make sure we have that installed. If you're on a PC, you'll probably want to install Gitbash, which will let you run the linux commands that I'm using on this course.
- Whenever you're working with Vue.js, there is a special extension available for Google Chrome that makes development a lot better, here's where you can get that.
- If you're using Visual Studio code, there's an extension calle Vetur that makes development easier.
- Finally, you're going to need to install the Vue CLI. It's the command line interface that makes it easy to set up Vue.js projects.

---

# Installing the CLI

```
$ npm install -g @vue/cli 
$ cd ~/Desktop
$ vue create vue-spas
$ winpty vue.cmd create vue-spas
```

> > Author Notes: 

Here's the commands that we'll need to run in our terminal. 

- I normally like to work on projects on the desktop, but you can put it anywhere on your hard drive.
- The vue create command creates a new vue project. It's an interactive command, so if you're on a PC, you'll want to run the command a bit differently.


◉ Babel
◉ Router
◉ CSS Pre-processors
◉ Linter / Formatter

Use history mode for router? n
❯ Sass/SCSS (with node-sass) 
❯ ESLint + Prettier 
❯ Lint on save
❯ In package.json
❯ preset? n

---

# Template Change

Add to `.gitignore` file

```
src/db.js
```

> > Author Notes:
One of the files that we get when we do this installation is a .gitignore file. It will tell .git to ignore certain files. It's always nice to get the .gitignore file straightened out at the beginning so I'm going to add one line here.

# Template Change
Like any web project, setting up Vue takes a bit of time and quite a few installations, but getting things just how you like them will make your life easier when you get to coding.